maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, depicts, Watch
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, belongs_to_category, head
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_nickname, Watch
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_silhouette, Square
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_waistline, None
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_length, Short
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_collar_type, No collar
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_lapel_type, No lapel
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_neckline, None
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_sleeve_type, No sleeves
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_pocket_type, None
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_opening_type, No opening
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_material_type, Metal
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_leather_type, None
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_fabric_treatment, None
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_pattern, None
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_animal_pattern, None
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, depicts, Watch
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, belongs_to_category, head
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_nickname, Watch
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_silhouette, Square
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_waistline, None
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_length, Short
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_collar_type, No collar
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_lapel_type, No lapel
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_neckline, None
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_sleeve_type, No sleeves
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_pocket_type, None
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_opening_type, No opening
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_material_type, Metal
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_leather_type, None
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_fabric_treatment, None
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_pattern, None
maxima_Adults-Women_Women_Silver_Fashion_Winter_2016_Casual_Water_Resistant_Analogue_Watches_Accesso_4, has_animal_pattern, None